[24.1] New launch form (#80)
seqeralabs/docs: platform_versioned_docs/version-24.1.0/launch/advanced.mdx

    mimeType: "text/html"
```

### Pre and post-run scripts

Run custom code either before or after the execution of the Nextflow script. These fields allow you to enter shell commands.

> **Pre-run scripts** are executed in the nf-launch script prior to invoking Nextflow processes. Pre-run scripts are useful for executor setup (such as loading a private CA certificate) and troubleshooting. For example, add `sleep 3600` to your pre-run script to instruct Nextflow to wait 3600 seconds before process execution after the nf-launcher container is started, to create a window in which to test connectivity and other issues before your Nextflow processes execute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Pre-run scripts** are executed in the nf-launch script prior to invoking Nextflow processes. Pre-run scripts are useful for executor setup (such as loading a private CA certificate) and troubleshooting. For example, add `sleep 3600` to your pre-run script to instruct Nextflow to wait 3600 seconds before process execution after the nf-launcher container is started. This allows you to create a window in which to test connectivity and other issues before your Nextflow processes execute.
```

> **Post-run scripts** are executed after all Nextflow processes have completed. Post-run scripts are useful for triggering a third party service via an API request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Post-run scripts** are executed after all Nextflow processes have completed. One use for for post-run scripts is to trigger a third-party service via an API request.
```
